typescript version 2 (#1140)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/how-to-strucutre-a-project-in-typescript.md

---

> id: how-to-strucutre-a-project-in-typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id: how-to-structure-a-project-in-typescript
```

I think the file name itself has a type in it.

title: How to structure a project in Typescript
sidebar_label: Structure a project
description: Structure a project
tags:
  - developer-guide
  - sdk
  - typescript
---

A typical Temporal project written in TypeScript consists of the following components:

> - Workflows

Reviewer: I think I was expecting to see more of a file structure example:

```
project-root/
  activities/
      activity.ts
  workflows/
      workerflow.ts
  workers/
      worker.ts
  starter-script.ts
````

- Activities
- Worker that executes Workflows and Activities

> - A script to execute a Workflow (using a Temporal Client)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Code that uses the Client to execute a Workflow
```

Activities cannot be in the same file as Workflows and must be separately registered.

> Activities may be retried repeatedly, so you may need to use [idempotency keys](https://stripe.com/blog/idempotency) for critical side effects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Activities may be retried, so you may need to use [idempotency keys](https://stripe.com/blog/idempotency) for critical side effects.
```

Reviewer 2: seems redundant
